update readme and version in code (#147)
simplex-chat/simplex-chat: README.md

SimpleX chat prototype is a thin terminal UI on top of [SimpleXMQ](https://github.com/simplex-chat/simplexmq) message broker that uses [SMP protocols](https://github.com/simplex-chat/simplexmq/blob/master/protocol). The motivation for SimpleX chat is [presented here](./simplex.md). See [simplex.chat](https://simplex.chat) website for chat demo and the explanations of the system and how SMP protocol works.

> **NEW in v0.5.0: [user contact addresses](#user-contact-addresses)!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NEW in v0.5.0: [user contact addresses](#user-contact-addresses-alpha)!**
```

Use `/help address` for other commands.

> > :warning: **Please note:** This is an "alpha" feature - at the moment there is nothing to prevent from sending you spam connection request, it will be added soon!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> :warning: **Please note:** This is an "alpha" feature - at the moment there is nothing to prevent someone who has obtained this address from spamming you with connection requests; countermeasures will be added soon!  (In the short term, you can simply delete the long-term address you created if it starts getting abused.)
```

Author: thank you!
